lib/promscrape/discovery/dockerswarm: fix discovery filters being applied to all objects (#3632)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/CHANGELOG.md

## tip

> * BUGFIX: [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmagent.html): [dockerswarm_sd_configs](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/sd_configs.html#dockerswarm_sd_configs): apply filters only to discover objects of current `role`. Filters were applied to all objects, which could cause errors when different types of objects were used with filters that were not compatible with them. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/3579).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* BUGFIX: [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmagent.html): [dockerswarm_sd_configs](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/sd_configs.html#dockerswarm_sd_configs): apply `filters` only to objects of the specified `role`. Previously filters were applied to all the objects, which could cause errors when different types of objects were used with filters that were not compatible with them. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/3579).
```
